So what we'll do, is let's make a new reducer which is
in charge of the loading state for our app.
So, let's head up here to our Redux code.
And right under our goals reducer,
let's have a brand new reducer that we will call loading.
We will set the default state to true and then it will also receive an action.
And then just as we always do with our reducers,
we want to switch on action.type.
And we already have an
action.type here that we want to listen for us to receive data action type.
So we'll say, if the case is receive data,
then what we're going to do is just return false or update
the loading state of our store to false.
And then as default,
we always want to return just the initial state.
So now, in order to add this brand new reducer to our store,
what we need to do, is pass it in here as a property to combine reducers.
So we will say, loading.
And then now, what this is going to allow us to do is inside of our app component,
we're no longer just receiving todos and goals,
but we should also be receiving, is loading.
So then, we can say,
if loading equals true,
then go ahead and just render h3.
And we will say loading, and then we'll close it.
So now, what our UI will look like,
is as our app is loading, we just get the state.
This is loading, but when it's finished loading,
we now get our updated UI.